(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
Seo Jin, what's wrong? What am I going to do?
You need to go visit Ms. Kim right now.
My wife is onto me.
Isn't this your husband?
How dare you touch her?
Let's keep it quiet.
How could you do this to me?
Let's end this.
Fine, let's get divorced!
I woke up this morning and became 20 again.
This is the year 1999.
Mom, you probably have no idea...
what's happening to me right now.
Hello, Nam Gil.
Have you lost your mind?
Yesterday you dumped him because he smelled.
Today you said hi because you were happy to see him.
Meeting? We're meeting girls?
Why is she here?
Ms. Ma Jin Joo. Your physiognomy tells me you should be studying.
You're not the only one who came back.
You're Min Seo Young, aren't you?
How did he live with me when he missed her so much?
Scumbag.
In the movies, they go back on time machines.
I might go back when I wake up.
- What is this? - I didn't go back.
(The year 2004)
Hello?
What?
I can't hear you. I'll go out and call you back.
No, I was just bored.
Okay, have fun.
She's such a club addict.
Let's eat.
I have to pay back the loan,
the maintenance cost,
and goodness, Father's birthday is soon.
I can't meet the ends with my entire paycheck.
Why don't I ever have enough money to make a living?
Gosh, we used so much money.
People have...
rights they can enjoy in a particular season of their lives.
Hello, friends. Are you two here by yourselves?
We're a party of two as well.
When you're in your teens, you have the right...
to know the beauty of life instead of the evil of it.
Hello, I'm Choi Ban Do, a new employee of Hankook Pharmaceutical.
Sir, can you please take a look at our drugs?
I heard we make them with excellent ingredients.
Please, take a look...
And when you're in your 20s, you have the right...
to enjoy your brightly shining youth.
That passionate and youthful time which everyone enjoyed,
to us,
was like the springtime that passed by without giving us a chance...
to look at the flowers.
(Episode 3, Springtime Returns)
People say youth withers in a blink of an eye.
Just like cherry blossoms that last only for a season.
Before your youth passes away,
why don't you just do that thing you want to do?
It could be hanging out with friends, going on a trip,
or falling madly in love.
This song is "Barefooted Youth" by Buck.
The food is here.
You must be a quick drinker.
I'm going very slow right now.
Very slow.
You don't have to match my speed.
You can keep your pace.
I'll pour you...
- What are you doing? - Pardon?
You're never supposed to...
pour a drink to a woman or make her pour one for you.
You pour your own drink.
Each to your own.
This song.
I hate it.
What?
This song is about how he'll say whatever he wants...
because he won't remember a thing tomorrow because he's drunk.
Guys always say they don't remember.
Do they think they have dementia due to alcohol consumption?
Don't you think so?
Oh, yes. Yes, right. I agree.
I hate this song too.
I hate how people confess their love after they get drunk.
I don't do that.
How would I know that? I just met you.
Slow down. You'll get drunk.
I want stir-fried cartilage.
Buy me some stir-fried cartilage.
- Come here. - I want it.
- I want stir-fried cartilage. - Let's go.
I drink like a dolphin.
I'm going to kill him.
You drink like a whale.
Oh, goodness.
(Male Dormitory)
What's this?
Hey, wake up.
Wake up.
Why are you sleeping here?
Why am I here?
What is this?
What is it?
- Oh, gosh. Mom! - What?
Mom, her eyes are infected.
Don't look at me.
Goodness, you idiots.
You two are already too much from the morning.
My gosh.
Gosh.
I'm the same as yesterday.
Yes!
I didn't go back.
What if she gives the infection to me?
I'm meeting boys tomorrow.
It's so gross how she got an eye infection.
Hey, don't come near me, okay?
What's with her?
And why did she sleep in the master bedroom?
What's with her eyes?
You kids have no idea how I feel when you've been inside of me.
How would I know what's on your minds?
Jin Joo.
Is something wrong?
Are you angry at me?
No.
Wait.
Do you need some allowance?
No.
Is she...
going through puberty again?
Why is she doing that to me?
So I don't know when I'll go back.
Maybe never?
That means I have to serve in the military again.
No.
It's better than being divorced.
I don't know.
Gosh. So this is...
my old room.
My treasures.
Jin Joo threw them all out when we got married.
"Scions of Fate".
It's "Days of Being Wild"!
Leslie Cheung.
All right.
Let's have some fun.
What did he just ask for?
Mom. Dad.
Give me all your savings, house deed,
and every asset you have.
All of them.
Why you little punk!
I'm not a little punk.
I can make you a fortune with that.
I'll make you super rich.
I'm going to be a really good son to you.
If you invest in Gwanggyo or Panggyo,
you'll never have to work a day in your life.
How do you know that?
I told you I'm from the future.
- My neck is getting stiff. - Honey.
Stop it already.
- Are you okay? - Dad.
This is nothing get upset about.
You can live in luxury from now on.
I'll make the amount of money you can never earn...
with your salary.
Bring it now.
This stupid punk.
Where are you going?
It must be in your bedroom.
Dad. Bring everything.
Mom. Should we take out some loan?
Are you crazy?
Hey, did you get a lesson from a professional scammer?
Just you wait.
You'll see what I'm up to.
No good.
You're up to no good.
Hey.
Did I ever starve you...
or not pay your tuition with my small income?
- Dad, wait. - Honey.
You punk. Come over here.
What did you say? Bring all the assets?
- You crazy punk. - Honey.
Just trust me.
I can't believe...
I was so happy when you were born.
I can't believe I was too.
Don't get worked up, and just trust me.
- Trust you? How? - Goodness.
Trust you?
How can I trust you?
Gosh.
Let me count this.
Did he sell all his treasures?
I think he'll make a big trouble.
Dad.
I think he already did.
Being young makes you feel so light.
All right.
Ready, go!
Yes! I won!
I'll run all the way to school!
Yes!
Hey, Choi Ban Do!
I won!
I have to see Choi Ban Do first.
Who pays a cab fare with a card?
Well...
I did yesterday. Why can't I?
There isn't a cab that accepts cards.
This isn't a department store.
Are you doing this to avoid paying the fare?
- Pay with cash now. - Well, I...
did pay with this yesterday.
Well...
Where's my wallet?
Goodness, where did it go?
Come on, lady.
Please wait a minute. I don't have any cash.
Wait. What am I going to do?
I have it.
- Goodness. - He's so handsome.
- Gosh. - He's hot.
- He's really cool. - My goodness.
- He's really handsome. - Isn't he?
Now I understand.
He let me go because I left my wallet in the cab.
If I catch that stupid cab driver...
What's this?
I'll talk to your mom about your cellphone.
Whatever.
Where is Choi Ban Do?
Let's see.
Gosh.
Salute.
Hello.
Nam Gil.
You must be going to your class.
I don't want to bump into him this morning.
I said hello to him after dumping him so cruelly.
He must think I'm crazy.
Gosh, lady. You're so silly.
- What are you doing? - You scared me.
I see.
You're embarrassed, aren't you?
I guess you aren't the girl from the future today.
Go away. What if he sees us?
What are you doing here?
Hey.
Hi. We met yesterday.
I'm Go Dok Jae.
That's Jae Woo.
Don't girls...
usually chat in front of a restroom?
But why are you gathered here next to a trashcan?
- Go away! - What?
Salute.
What are you wearing?
Are you Bruce Lee?
It's civil construction major uniform.
- It's pickled radish color. - Pickled radish?
Simple, stupid, and crazy?
So you know the hidden meaning.
You got that scar from getting beaten up.
- You guessed right. - I saw it.
You should've stopped her then.
Why would I do that?
We'll get going now.
Let's go.
Hey.
I'll see you later.
Me?
Why me?
Hey.
Where's Choi Ban Do?
Min Seo Young.
Your fan club is here again.
- She's looking at us. - She looked at me.
But I don't see the guy with a yellow tracksuit.
You mean the civil construction major?
He's here. It's him.
I'll make it happen today.
Goodness.
She saw you. Why would you hide?
My goodness.
Hey, he's coming.
That's Seo Young.
She's still the same.
She's like a fairy.
Even if you go back in time,
you won't be able to date Seo Young.
If I go back in time, I'll date her.
Why would I date Jin Joo?
Right.
I had no choice but to give up on her back then,
but things are different now.
Seo Young, the yellow guy is here.
He's not wearing his yellow uniform today.
He's coming.
Hello.
Hey.
I'm sorry about yesterday. I surprised you, right?
I was just really glad to see you.
I'm Choi Ban Do, a freshman in civil construction.
Oh, wait.
You're good.
Oh, thanks.
Right.
Here you are.
You all can share.
See you around.
Can I have your number?
The next time, I want to say hi to you as a friend.
Stop lying.
You couldn't even speak to her for months.
He's lying.
Give that to me.
Yes, call that number now.
You didn't know we would do this, did you?
- Hello? Who is... - What will you do now?
- My gosh! - What is it?
It's her.
Hey, you're the man.
Hey, hey.
- This. - What?
Did you really do this? Did you really get her number?
You used to stutter in front of her.
Did you really talk to her to get her number?
Why are you stuttering all of a sudden?
Then do you think I got this through sign language?
I'm not who I used to be.
I've got the wisdom that comes with age...
and a youthful body which is as strong as...
Iron Man's suit.
- Got it? - What are you talking about?
What kind of suit?
Okay, fine, then.
Did you tell her that you like her?
Yes, did you tell her that you like her?
Goodness, you can't just suddenly tell someone you like her.
You have to create a well-organized story.
There are steps in dating.
Hey, is Seo Young crazy? Why would she date you?
There's a long line of guys who wish they could date her.
Yes, just tell her you like her and end the whole thing.
What is this odd logic?
Why would you tell her you like her if you aren't going to date her?
You only tell a woman you like her when you know...
you have a chance of dating her.
You fools. You're impotent when it comes to dating.
What? Impotent?
Did you say we're impotent?
Hey, have you ever seen me in the morning?
Have you seen it when it gets angry?
Be quiet, you're embarrassing me.
- Oh, gosh. - We're not impotent.
My neck is getting stiff.
There's no talking to these kids. I'll stop talking.
I'm feeling tired after having a good laugh.
Gosh, this is bitter.
Why did Mom get something bitter than before?
Gosh, Mom. I hate you.
Hey.
Why do you keep throwing this away? This is really precious.
Give it to me. I'll have it.
You have no idea how precious this is.
Hey, that girl, Ma Jin Joo from yesterday.
She's been looking for you.
Ma Jin Joo? Why?
Forget about her.
Goodness, she's looking for me to nitpick over things.
She's been quite feisty since she was young.
I'm so hungry.
Let's eat tteokbokki later.
Hey!
Hey.
We need to talk.
Come here.
Goodness, the class will begin soon.
Let's get ready. Open up the textbook. Hurry up.
Come out. I have something to say to you.
To me?
You have something to say? I don't.
Hey.
The class will begin now. Have a seat.
We'll talk later.
Hey, did something happen yesterday?
She wasn't so angry this morning...
Gosh, she's scary. Lasers are coming out of her eyes.
Don't mind her.
Does she have trouble managing her anger or something?
What's that?
It's a condition which you can't control your anger.
Don't ruin your life by getting involved with me again.
The class is starting.
On the sheet of paper I gave out, jot down some things about...
the person you would like to observe.
What is in that person's head?
What's on their mind?
And of course, this is anonymous.
(Person observed)
(Person observed: Choi Ban Do)
Did you all get the paper of how your friends analyzed you?
- Yes. - Yes.
The common theme on this paper is how others...
view you.
How do you feel?
(Park Wan Kyu, dandruff, gross, wig, cut your hair, you look old)
Do you think you're a rock star?
Dandruff, Park Wan Kyu, a wig.
Cut your hair, and go to the army.
Goodness, he must be shocked to see the result.
(Park Wan Kyu, dandruff, gross, wig, cut your hair, you look old)
(A ball of poop, a scrooge, cheapskate, coward)
A ball of poop, a scrooge, coward,
cheapskate, cheapskate, cheapskate!
Cheapskate. Cheapskate. Cheapskate!
- What is it? - We have to talk.
Goodness.
I'll be late for class.
We have something to discuss.
Do you?
I don't.
Are you serious?
- Follow me. - Hey, that hurts. Let go of me.
Hey.
What's with them?
Are they madly in love?
What was that?
No idea.
You almost had me fooled.
Do you want to be an actress?
You were as good as Jeon Do Yeon.
You should try to do that.
Should I?
Goodness.
Forget that. Since when did you know it was me?
Did you ignore me because you wanted a new life?
Goodness, I can't believe what a scary woman you are.
What's this nonsense? Right back at you.
Did you say I should study? And I'll be a "Gold Miss"?
What did I ever do to you?
You ruined my life completely, you cheapskate!
You're scary. You're really scary.
It's really scary when you say those things with this face.
Oh, gosh.
- What are you doing? - Don't you get it?
I'm comforting myself for living with a scary woman.
Gosh, you're such a nerd.
I've always been nerdy. Didn't you know?
So what? Haven't you seen a nerd before?
Forget that. What's going on?
Why are we here?
How would I know?
I thought we'd be back once I wake up in the morning.
I thought it was a miracle that happened for a day.
But we didn't go back.
We might have to stay here forever.
Forever.
I'd be grateful.
- What? - It's like winning a lottery.
Think about it. You woke up, and you're young again.
You're 20 again.
You should be thankful.
If we go back, you and I will be divorcees.
We're also old.
Do you want to go back?
Did I say I wanted to go back?
Exactly.
Since I'm here, I'm going to enjoy my life.
Let's live our lives separately.
I know you wouldn't want to get involved with me either.
Of course, I don't want to.
Exactly.
Okay.
Goodbye, comrade.
Okay. Goodbye.
Good luck.
That means we're both back in the past.
Why?
Was I too mean to her?
Let's get a divorce.
We're too unhappy together.
I am unimaginably unhappy.
I don't know.
It all turned out well. She was unhappy.
Since I'm here, I'm going to enjoy my life.
Let's live our lives separately.
I'll wish for nothing else if I get to be young again.
- Why is that? - You might think I'm nagging.
But if I were you, I'd go out and let loose.
I'd do whatever I want.
You can't go back to being young again.
Your youth doesn't wait for you.
All right. Write your bucket list.
(Bucket list)
Hey.
Guys, let's go out.
Why are we in here? We don't have time.
We're hanging out.
We have a lot of time on our hands.
What's wrong?
I mean,
let's go out, and do something.
We had a class in the morning. I'm tired.
You young girls.
What do you mean you're tired?
Do you think you'll have that energy forever?
Okay.
What? What do you want to do? Tell me.
What do kids these days do?
What was that?
You sounded like Sul's mom.
Ma'am. Kids these days drink and dance.
Kids go dancing and drinking.
In a club.
A club?
I want to go there.
What? You want to go to a club?
Yes. The place you go every night.
I've been there only twice.
Do you think I'm addicted to clubbing?
You said you'd never go to a club.
But here you are dreaming of breaking your rules.
All right then,
shall we go?
(Female Dormitory)
Hey.
I told you we should wear low heel shoes.
I didn't expect a downhill.
Let's go.
Hey.
Guys!
Goodness.
Get out of the way!
- Hey. - No.
Get out! You'll get hurt!
Goodness.
- Goodness. - You there!
Get out of my way!
Step aside!
[VIU Ver] E03 Go Back Couple "Springtime Returns"
-= Ruo Xi =-
You should get off me now that your brakes have been set.
I must be smelly.
Well...
I've never worn heels this high.
It's really steep, isn't it?
By the way, you don't smell...
Why did you...
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry!
Who is she?
Why did you run into his arms?
Well...
I'm more than acting silly.
I'm a total nuisance.
Wasn't that an accident?
Why don't we stand there every day?
Good idea.
He's really handsome. Come.
I can't believe I'm in a club with you.
What's gotten into you?
When else am I going to come here?
That's right. When else?
We have to live today like it's our last.
Hey, Sul. You shouldn't wear glasses.
You look much prettier without them.
You should put some makeup on.
I did.
It's your dark history. Do you know that?
What?
"Dark history"?
What is she saying?
Why did we dress like that?
That kind of makeup was popular then.
I know.
We all looked like that back then.
How come we look older then than now?
It's our dark history.
Yes, miss. I'm here.
Hey, put that down.
You hold that up to call a waiter.
Don't act like you've never been to a club.
So this is your first time?
Why don't you try booking then?
"Booking"?
Guys, let's do it.
I love your enthusiasm. Okay. Let's go.
Let's go.
I'm here only to dance.
Who comes to a club only to dance?
Let's go.
- Come this way. - Okay.
Yes. I'm still in the library.
Being in medical school doesn't mean I'm a doctor already.
I have to cut down on sleep and study more.
Don't worry about me. Go to bed, princess.
Good night.
(Korea's Best Club, Juliana)
Did you put your princess to sleep?
Gosh, she never goes to sleep.
She's like the main character in "Misery".
Hey, how are the girls today?
- All right. - Come this way.
How about her?
She looks powerful. She's just my type.
A girl like her doesn't give in easily.
Pick someone worthwhile.
Be careful. This way.
Come this way. Be careful.
Gosh.
We haven't been to a club in so long.
Hey, how old are we now?
Our lives have been too PG rated.
Today, we're going all in,
and we'll play like a rated-R movie, okay?
While we're at it, should we order a bottle of hard liquor?
- Hey, that's expensive. - Right?
Hey, order it.
I have a lot of money.
Order it.
You need to have some liquor when you're at a club.
Bring it on.
All right, let's have fun tonight.
Right, don't pour hard liquor for anyone that comes in.
If you like her, give her hard liquor.
If you don't, give her beer. Don't forget.
- Oh, and Ahn Jae Woo. - Yes?
I'm telling you to not give expensive liquor to ugly girls.
Okay?
Okay, why are you telling me that?
Okay!
- Oh, gosh. - Goodness.
Oh, right.
I want hard liquor.
Beer makes me full.
Oh, hey.
What's your major again?
Civil construction.
What do you learn there?
You plan, design, and construct...
a variety of buildings using nature,
and maintain buildings. In a word,
we study to become professionals...
who are both experts on paper and in the field.
I actually got in because my dad used to be a carpenter.
Well, it wasn't my dad's dream to become a carpenter.
But you have to do...
What is it?
I have another one.
What do you call a pig with no legs?
- A pig with no legs? - A pig?
A ground-hog.
Goodness.
What do you call someone who steals pigs?
A ham-burglar.
That's hilarious!
You're so hilarious.
That's all.
Let's go.
It's all right.
We won't be coming back any time soon.
Nice to meet you.
Sure.
How old are you?
I'm 38...
How old do I look?
I'm sure you aren't underage,
so about 20?
You guys are like babies.
You're so adorable.
I'm 26.
That means I'm older.
I guess so.
You. How dare you speak so casually to my friend?
What?
I'm sorry if I offended you.
Hey, come on.
Don't worry about it.
It's all right. You can speak casually.
Hyun Seok.
- What's wrong? He's cute. - Wow.
I like how you're very feisty.
If you're 20, you probably can't drink well.
You'll get better at it if you drink more and more.
Take it.
Hey, let's go dance.
It's a techno song.
Can we stay here?
Hey.
Come on. Let's go.
Let's go.
(Park Hyun Seok)
See you again.
Sure.
Hey!
Goodness, and now you're at a club.
Your knees will give out, you old lady.
You said you wanted a whole new life,
and it looks like you're enjoying it.
How did you hold yourself back?
Exactly. How did I do that?
I need to be here to meet a woman to live a whole new life.
Do you think guys will like you if you dress like this?
Get a grip, you old lady.
That jerk...
He must be insane.
- Goodness. - You there!
Get out of my way!
Is there something good there?
What are you staring at?
Nothing.
Have you ever hugged someone?
What? Have I ever had what?
No, have you ever hugged a...
No, never mind.
Let's go.
What was that?
Did something happen between you and Jin Joo yesterday?
Why doesn't she want to be here?
You're right. It's because of you, isn't it?
I think she hates you.
I'm glad to hear that.
My goodness, I have to avoid drinking with Bo Reum.
Let me just stay away from provoking her.
Hey, Bo Reum.
It looks like you're a weak drinker.
I guess a girl needs to be a weak drinker, you know.
It's weird for a girl to be stronger than a guy.
It doesn't look too great, is it?
What?
Stop it. Stop it.
Why? Do you agree with me?
I was having so much fun.
Why did he have to come?
Ta-da.
Gosh, Jin Joo. You're on a roll.
Goodness.
- Come with me to a room. - No, I don't want to.
- Just once. - I don't want to.
Over here.
Over here, yes. Me.
Gosh, fine. You're the best.
I lost.
You can challenge me anytime you want.
But I won't let you off like this the next time.
What's with you?
Did you just laugh?
What? No. That was cute.
I don't believe this.
Are you challenging me too?
No, no. Please don't misunderstand.
You're a much better drinker than I am.
I said that I'll see you later,
and I'm seeing you here.
You.
Me?
Do you remember what happened yesterday, or no?
Make sure you answer me right.
Well, I...
I... I think I do.
You think?
You said you remembered.
Well, I...
Then you need to keep the promise you made.
Okay?
The promise?
Your friend is too drunk.
Hurry.
- What? - What's going on?
She seems slow.
Hi.
Mic test.
She must be crazy.
Hey! Ma Jin Joo!
Bo Reum, come down here!
My goodness.
That lady's gone senile.
Why did she drink so much?
Hey, penny pincher.
Goodness.
Come here, cheapskate.
Cheapskate.
Come down here.
You aren't the only young thing. I'm young too.
Someone gave me his number saying I'm pretty.
I'm the best
You're the one who fell for me.
Aren't you?
Doctor Park?
I'll call you.
Jin Joo, my goodness.
She doesn't know what he's like.
That jerk.
Hey.
Cheapskate.
Because of you...
my life got totally ruined.
But what about Seo Jin?
Seo Jin.
What will you do?
- What? - She must be drunk.
She keeps saying nonsense.
- Is she crazy? - Gosh.
I guess so.
What's this?
What the...
What is that?
Cheapskate. I mean you. Choi...
Gosh.
- Come on. - Hey.
- Gosh. Do you want to die? - Stop it.
- Let me go. - Gosh.
You with the long hair.
Never come back again.
He's really drunk.
Sir, go home and sleep. You'll freeze.
- Hey. Get up! - Hey.
I can't believe you. Why did you drink so much?
- Gosh. - Hey.
Hey, Ban Do.
Who's Seo Jin? Why was she looking for him?
Where are you going?
I'll see you tomorrow.
Hey. Wait.
Who's going to take care of this mess?
- Ban Do! - Do I smell?
- Jerk. - Wake up.
But what about Seo Jin?
Seo Jin.
What will you do?
Dear fellow students, are you having a good morning?
Spring is here.
I wonder what this year's summer will be like.
We'll listen to a song now.
"Addio" by Yangpa.
- I can't hold it anymore. - Hey.
I can't either.
Are you feeling okay?
Hey, Ma Jin Joo.
What are you doing?
- Gosh. - Gosh. What are you doing?
- Follow me. - Hey. Let me go.
Hey.
You said let's go separate ways.
Why are you acting like you know me?
"Why are you acting like you know me?"
You...
You don't know what he's really like.
What?
- Give it to me. - Give you what?
His number you got last night in the club.
Do you really think you're 20 years old?
What are you doing?
Why are you trying to take his number?
It's none of your business whether not I get a number from a guy.
You're a woman with a kid.
How can you get drunk and cause a ruckus?
Don't call him.
He's really a piece of trash.
Hey, mister.
Why do you care if I drink or dance...
or meet trashy people.
It's none of your business.
Fine, we're strangers.
But why do you keep blabbering about me?
Are you advertising our divorce?
Why don't you put up a poster saying we have a kid too?
Well, it was because I was drunk.
You don't think I can do that?
That's a fact.
A fact, my foot.
If that gets out, you and I both will be doomed.
It won't be the both of us.
You're a married man, but you're after your first love.
Does she know that you're married with a kid?
Why am I married? I'm divorced.
Nobody here knows that I've been married.
What about you?
You're a married woman with a kid. But you were so happy...
in a young man's arms.
You're worse than me, lady.
- What's going on? - Are they cheating on each other?
Gosh, that's crazy.
You mean yesterday? That was an accident.
You better pay me the alimony.
I'm going to get every penny from you.
I'm a student.
I can't even earn enough to buy gum.
I'm a student with no money.
I won't give it to you.
I won't. Why would I give it to you?
That's crazy.
A married student?
You cheapskate.
What?
You like gum, don't you?
(Epilogue)
(Honeymoon phase in 2004)
You know what?
We already used up this month's living expenses.
We have to be frugal.
Really? Already?
It's only the beginning of the month.
How are we going to get by?
We'll get by with my love.
You're right.
What was that for?
What did you do today?
I cleaned, cooked, and organized the ledger.
- You? - Me?
I accomplished something big today.
They said no newbie ever got so many contracts like me.
Aren't I awesome?
You'll be the best sales person.
Good job.
By the way,
what would we be doing if we weren't married?
What do you think?
We'd be spending frivolously and wasting money like others.
You think so?
I kind of want to live frivolously for once.
Why? Is there something you want to do?
- What about you? - Me?
Let's both say it at once.
In 1, 2, 3.
- Go clubbing. - Go clubbing.
Our youth, which was like springtime that passed by...
without giving us a chance to look at the flowers,
went around and around,
and returned to us even more passionately,
and more intensely.
(Bucket List, 1. Go to a night club.)
I thought Jin Joo threw that away.
Why did you bring it back?
I can revive it. It's not completely dead yet.
(Go Back Couple)
There's a student in our school who has been through a divorce.
Amazing people have shown up.
Are you asking me out on a date?
Could you be more gentle when you save someone?
You should take care of yourself.
Why did you suddenly do that?
You asked me for my number, then you came to visit me.
You seem like a different person.
You're unbelievable.
Why would your heart flutter at that moment?
I'd like to know more about you.